ok so here we go so we thought we'd
really started mentioning you doing here
and I'm gonna stop dancing around the
whole thing so tell us how you came to
it how you came to you it's really just
an extension of what I'm already doing
it more eyeballs that's the whole point
of it you tammy has a very big student
base and I think it's what eight million
at this point and like that piece of pie
you know my piece of pie out of that one
percent of it just 1% I'll take that but
it really made me have to go back in
briefing from our pricing structure one
of them because trying to figure out how
not to compete with myself since I
already have membership site in some of
these courses are going to be exactly
the same most of them all there will be
some things that are absolutely massive
on Mon and something for absolutely
exclusive on you to me and Mark I'm not
sure which put in there man that's kinda
but thanks
whatever dude but you know I had to
figure out how to compete with myself
and that he'll not make my clients feel
like they're getting ripped off already
because if they pay full price on my
private membership site in the go see
you to be paying for 10 bucks are going
to be really upset with that and so I
just had to get over it and realize that
whatever our market is the price of
those wherever that is
and a modified it really is part of a
much bigger thing that has a much bigger
value to it so I just got over it and I
pushed you to me a lot but for me really
it's just another platform but it
changed how I make courses because I'm
to the point I don't want to have to
make a video any longer than it has to
be and I mean to the second any longer
than it has to be and usually requires
me to have certain
show you two minutes something that's
changed I'm gonna do that I can't do
that with you know me but they also
require a certain structure in my
membership courses are open where you
pick what you want to learn in the order
you wanna do it and you too may really
want you to come up with this course so
I think so
but I will say that I thought you know
that you know me put out their own
videos about how to work with you to me
and it I watched all forwards all 47
videos to learn about the business of
you to me I do that with music added
that what books did that with website
you learn the business of whatever it is
the jury and and there are publishing
health and I went right to them just y
para publishing health like I did with
music with book with everything
learned their business and how to make
money with you to me in partnership with
you to me and I'm telling you their own
stuff they put out is a course in
marketing and it's wonderful
changed a little bit about how I do
things right and there's a great setup
that you just gave me because I was
waiting to drop this like in here so I
mentioned about their publishing house
she's got a blog post about like
bloggers like publishers but this is
what I was kind of in the beginning here
homie and has a lot of things together
because I talked to know some of the
things we're gonna cover in the two one
of the things that me and that does keep
in mind with all of these different
things that mindset hey this is just
another publishing platform that I'm
going to use and this is gonna be able
to leverage my knowledge it seems that
I've learned from other platforms that I
can make this user performs so I wanna
give me a chance to talk about this idea
of thinking like a publisher in what she
means when he says he used me as just
another publishing platform that in that
post thank you so much for including
that because that posed really go into
the details of it
of a book publisher doesn't care of you
can write a book like if you can sell a
book music publishers don't care if you
can ride a great fall in the care of you
can sell one like fall all over
themselves to get to something like
eighty Burghardt offer publishers
competing for you if you can come up
with something that we're gonna go
borrow think about grandma got run over
by a reindeer they will do you
get this stuff like that but that's also
why the wood carving site and we talked
about earlier windup publisher was all
over me because they thought you helped
to market and that's really what
publishers are looking it you to me is
looking at the same thing you know you
have their algorithms in there that
they're looking at your your your
marketing and how you're promoting and
how you're selling in the more you do
the more trip their algorithm to
highlight you out of how many thousands
tens of thousands of instructors guide
that got one hot and they're going to
promote it because everybody makes more
money including them hey they're in it
for the money come on and don't fool
yourself in if they've got a hot
instructor you're going to get it put
that behind them to promoted and so
people asking those questions in the
yummy studio whatever there with the
clients that I helped with membership
thought that I helped with conversion in
marketing on their own fights and
they're all caught up in the content
everybody focuses on the content nobody
uses own building an audience to extract
and income from a nap you don't in
marketing and you don't you don't want
to the business doesn't matter what your
age you don't learn that you don't fail
and nobody's going to get behind you
don't think that anybody is going to
spend their money on somebody who has no
idea how to make money not gonna happen
so we're a little bit late here due to
technical difficulties I had a bit of
experimentation gone wrong on or about
45 minutes people I know are enjoying
this what I want to do is open up a seat
so people actually ask me any questions
directly here if you guys want questions
right in the chat screen here so we can
see but answer some of your questions
and i know that me and I had mentioned
and I and maybe and jump in here
here we go here